Start rewriting the reactive documentation (#17675)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/context-propagation.adoc

[TIP]
.Mutiny
====
This section uses Mutiny reactive types.

> If you're not familiar with Mutiny, check xref:mutiny-primer.adoc[Mutiny - an intuitive reactive programming library].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not familiar with Mutiny, check xref:mutiny-primer.adoc[Mutiny - an intuitive reactive programming library].
```
